# Connect Four AI - Python

Ever heard of the famous Garry Kasparov vs Deep Blue match, the first time a supercomputer outmatched the world chess champion? Ever thought about designing complex game engines to beat your friends at all their favorite strategy board games? Ever dreamed of constructing an unstoppable AI that you could harness to *take over the whole fucking WORLD*? Well, let your dreams be dreams and step with me into the mediocre newbie world of poorly-optimized code. A world where you're the worst coder by far in your league, but you honestly don't care because your prototype TicTacToe game can manage to beat hardly-focused humans a whole three games out of ten. Then, rise from this subpar victory, and join me in a Python-fest of medicrity, where the source code is short and the processing time long, and people still say "Omigosh! You're so smart."
Then climb with me to a rung barely superior to that mediocrity, and write your own classically programmed Connect Four AI.

It'll beat you, and smash you, and crush you at every turn. It's unstoppable, fearless, remarkable, relentless. It can't talk to you or intimidate you like normal 6-year-old players would, but oh can it play! The most remarkable thing about it, is that it actually gets *less* powerful the more moves ahead you tell it to look. It's remarkable! Like a 16-year-old edgelord who wants you to think he's good so he spends all day staring at the chessboard with a glazed look in his eyes, but after all that not-focused analysis he makes a worse move than he would've made if he just looked a the board for one minute and went. Edgelord? Chessboard? Same thing. At any rate that's what my Connect Four AI does. It plays a solid game at one-move-ahead visibility, but crashes down into weakness if told to even try analyzing any farther. Have a suggestion? See the error in my minimax/alpha-beta pruning algorithm implementations? Message me in GitHub or contact me at hyrumsd2@illinois.edu.

Contributors are welcome. While this project works, there are many improvements that can and should be made. This is an ongoing project.
